hey come on just tell me what happened
tonight
Zack and I broke up oh my god sweetie no
don't don't don't do anything we just
have no idea what I'm going through
you'd be surprised I'll tell you a story
[Music]
you were singing dancing on a fountain
that's how I remember it I go over the
hill to Hollywood
[Applause]
[Music]
let me get out of here
where would you want to go anywhere what
would you wanna do anything
[Music]
he's bad news
you don't date guys like that
maybe that's good for a change
are you doing this those rich people are
gonna hate you yourselves I got a
special guest here this evening
there's fashion College where is it
clean of city
you're not moving across the country
with the guy we've never met you have
this shiny bright perfect life I don't
know how to fit into this
[Music]
everything my friend thought about you
you just prove them right why do you
care what they think
[Music]
it's just me and you
[Applause]
I love Craig uh what I love Greg Greco
Oh Orion chance yeah very good
well I don't man with a Greg Orion chant
I'm in they're both good but this is the
fourth time we've been on one of these
fellow Shawn we're retracing the steps
of Odysseus Greeks were camped here ten
years I can do a week tops
with a pillow I won't camp without a
pillow it's a shame we're getting the
ferry I would like to stay in the hotel
lesbian come come Mr Bond do you like
staying in the hood lesbian just what I
do
I can get my head down in the lesbian
I'm more than happy
go on you mean come on how that's
convenient I look better as I go older
lots of women Manny's gonna say it as
well I'm saying it you look better oh
thank you
you were unpalatable as a young man
we're not got much time left you're
gonna miss me
[Music]
you can be exhausting look god you
should meet you Oh
I could do that you could not let me
swim to the sirens you guide I would
gladly try and resuscitate you waving
goodbye to me we're all Greek actors so
I'll stab you
that will come easy
how about you do a a sponsored silence
now fatality for 97 minutes you forget
what a self-regarding asked Coogan is in
real life my takeaway from that is he
thinks I'm a brilliant actor that's why
you take away fright yeah doing Marlon
Brando there's nobody fight although we
do tell event that we were say around
the Cape of Good Hope I will say around
the heart speaks with you gotta talk
push these things
[Music]
what would you say you're most proud of
my seven BAFTAs nine for me to be my
children yeah well got any rafters oh
you have got children which is
interesting you feel that what's your
name
Isaac Cypress Oh Isaac can you tell us
what happened that afternoon a meteorite
with smoke trailing behind it up here
and over the skies of Los Angeles
yesterday Isaac well you've been you got
a minute I want to show you something
you saying this real
[Music]
are you okay you leave me right where we
bid for the last few days yesterday okay
yesterday day before I'm not making this
out this really happened to me okay
you've gone from work all week did you
have an encounter with an
extraterrestrial be
[Music]
how does it feel knowing that people are
saying that Europe's fish
we have detained you against your will
because we believe you have information
that may be valuable to the future of
our society when it come to get one
chance you think that we were exposed to
something that could have changed we
have to be there when they come that's a
bad idea that's way too dangerous
do we really have another choice I
remember what it was like and I'm not
going through that again
how did she take us
[Music]
and see what songs slap the big investor
why is it such a cult classic it's just
a damn good film when it came out if he
well those people's heads
I saw pink flamingos run up the height
of its popularity and then I'd see it in
court when I was charged with obscenity
it's 10:00 a.m. club spinal company it
takes a while for people to really
understand what's going on it doesn't
matter what generation everybody can
relate to it has to be the audience
finding the film rather than from the
binding the audience
put it razor blades in their hair so she
gets into a fight and somebody grabs her
hair Russ Meyer was not just your
average exploitation film ended each
teenage generation they want to be
different than the generations before
that Point Break is one of the greatest
films playing
[Music]
well you carrying sugar might open her
up please
[Music]
get on your knees down your knees
they want in the fast track I thought
you'd be stored under this week with the
extra cases from Canada carding I'm more
than capable of claimed asylum in the
United Kingdom can you briefly explain
why you cannot return to your home
country choose on
[Music]
my broken Oda what's the punishment for
treason they will kill me you ran across
the border across the border I could not
run when you are trying to cross borders
the only people that will help you
dangerous people what I offer is
civilized service I have to get to
England
England will not want you I've always
been unwanted this isn't a negotiation
you're going to have to come up with an
extremely convincing answer if you want
to stay I have an answer
why you giving the poor guy hope he's
gonna think he's got a case maybe he
does
I shouldn't have rejected him in the
first place
[Music]
are you okay
trying to help you
[Music]
so how long you here this time I think
another week I'll keep my fingers
crossed for you it's gone nah I haven't
talked with each other in a year Jimmy
be careful if you go in that way there's
no way to track you
I just want to get out there bag my buck
this season
where's the money
this attracts entered a manhunt
continues for five suspects in a violent
armed robbery the five are considered
armed and extremely dangerous
nobody's gonna pin you down that's for
sure
damn straight
gives me money back
we know everything about you go ahead
kill me I don't get it
the blood on your jacket looks pretty
fresh
oh you have a hole in your wall the
size of a hand it's the size of my head
[Music]
what are you what are you gonna stick
your head in the oven at the end of
every month yeah I just set it to a cool
375 and bake his skull like Thanksgiving
turkey
[Music]
I'll treat you lose my pea bad when I
get my jack
I'm dying what best case scenario you
have six to ten months I don't like her
mom too pretty I don't want a pretty
doctor you don't have time to shop
around I need a drink don't look so
excited about number one you played the
flute I'm leaving
what you don't know you don't know what
she's like this isn't about her this is
about the woman you become when this is
all over what about the woman I am now
what about her you can either be the
hero or the victim of this narrative
[Music]
taking care of me is everything you have
been good at
[Applause]
[Music]
at the age of 24
Alton Mills was given a mandatory life
sentence without parole for a low-level
nonviolent drug offense when Alton Mills
stepped into that federal prison cell
with a life sentence he was stepping
into a jail cell for the first time in
his life and he was bound to stay there
for the rest of his life a murder no one
people murder people don't live like
many people don't realize that parole in
federal system was abolished in the
1980s
right during the height of the war on
drugs so when a judge looks at you and
says that you receive a life sentence
that means you will die in prison I've
got a case where the man walked up to a
parked car shot the victim in the face
and he got six years in prison so six
years in prison for shooting a man in
the face as opposed to life in prison
for having three drug charges it just
doesn't seem to balance out there we
have 5,000 prisoners sitting in federal
prison and all I've asked allow them as
individuals to petition so that their
sentences could be considered that's
something you've opposed so in fairness
tell me why you still oppose them the
justice system as it stands now is bias
against the poor against drug addicted
and against people of color every prison
I go to asked warden's you know these
are people in charge I would say to them
are the people that don't belong here
and they go here they're people in this
should not be
murderers and babies made less time you
mean I think America has to choose are
we going to fund D car serrations with
people if we're really committed to
ending mass incarceration then that has
to be a systemic shift in how we
prioritize and invest our money I feel
blessed I had a team with ladies that
fault what we always told ourselves our
mission was to be the best lawyers that
money could not buy when I was in the
streets I was fighting and doing
everything and guys was always around
and then it took a bunch of ladies to
come and free me and I recognize that
[Music]
but you gotta want it you know I feel
like that's what people learn from this
is like you have to want like we were
scratch concrete until you are out I've
wanted to get married one day and like
every girl she wants her father to walk
her down me out am I willing to wait on
my father yes I am willing to do that I
will do that because I have faith in I
believe that
[Music]
I'm proud to stand here with Edward
Douglas and you are the first person to
be liberated thanks to the first step
act to me you represent it's possible it
would have to have it right I'm a people
money cuz the winner don't quit on
themselves
[Music]
when they tell you you've got a life
Sanchez and I just totally do as well
I'll be back
[Music]
have you had enough have you had enough
are you ready to do something
[Music]
what do you want me to do deputizes
breaking into his neighbor's house the
middle I murder it yeah you think that's
right yeah no justice don't make me
regret this
just some dope okay well I think I have
something here that is going to help out
yeah you just hand these things out you
know that there are kids dying it's just
another day when I'm done it's perfectly
legal
I asked both of my sons they're gone
I'll kill all of them no we will fight
for you
we're here for you we love you do you
even realize what you've done
if you let this Hey
into your heart to drown our sorrows
misery can't get away from it placed in
sanitation the second she was born here
she was doing what did you do the opioid
epidemic ravaging the heartland of
America fought for your country for
overseas you fought from all of us thank
you have to fight for you so I won't let
you down okay I know we can lost Adam
you are better than this what are you
doing but any means necessary and
everyone we've lost and to honor them
with more than just thoughts and prayers
tonight we take responsibility you take
responsibility for your community
it stopped ready boys
I look into the face
yeah it's over now
I got the toy yeah right
ja ja yeah I shot him because I thought
he was gonna shoot me this young woman
didn't get a fair shake
she's a 16 year old runaway the pimped
and raped when you go through sexual
abuse as a child
you'd be late I really just never felt
like anyone love me
in 2004 she was considered a prostitute
[Music]
today she would be considered a victim
of sexual predators violence anger
rejection I mean this is her view of the
world why fight for a person who has
taken a life cruelly Pharsalus Antonio
Brown executed
that was not her intent when she shot a
man you know she has made the most
amazing transformation she's the perfect
person to be considered for clemency
time and proximity can change
adversaries into allies now celebrities
like Rihanna ti at Lana Del Rey are
tweeting for clemency force in Toyama
Alana home Allah in we'll see what the
governor says when I was 16 I did a
horrible thing I do pray that she show
me mercy men should give me a second
chance
[Music]